Shortens and rephrase (#565)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/getting_started/index.md

# Getting Started with Taipy

Dive into Taipy with this beginner-friendly guide. Learn to install, configure, and deploy your first application with ease.

> ## Installation

Reviewer: I prefer "Install Taipy with pip", or "Installation with pip"

1. **Prerequisites**: Ensure you have Python (version 3.8 or higher) and [pip](https://pip.pypa.io) installed.
2. **Installation Command**: Run the following in your terminal or command prompt:
``` console
$ pip install taipy
```

!!! info "Other installation options"

    For alternative installation methods or if you're lacking Python or pip, refer to the [installation page](../installation/index.md).

> ## Dive into Your First Taipy Scenario

Reviewer: You already used the metaphor "Dive into" in the very first line. I believe it s repetitive.

> A Taipy *Scenario* models pipeline executions. Think of it as an execution graph, typically a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG), with tasks or functions sharing data. The complexity of your scenario is all up to you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Taipy, a *Scenario* represents how pipeline executions work. Imagine it as an execution graph, often like a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG), where tasks or functions work together and share data. How complex your scenario becomes is entirely in your hands.
```

Author: I am not sure of the way it is phrased.

Reviewer 2: Then I would try: 

A Taipy *Scenario* models pipeline executions. Think of it as an execution graph where tasks or functions collaborate and exchange data. You have full control over how complex your scenario can be.

```

- Lines 4-5 define the function that the task will use during execution.
- Lines 8-9 configure the data nodes, *input_name* and *message*.
- Line 10 configures a task called *build_msg* associated with the *build_message()*
  function, specifying the input and output data nodes.
- Finally, line 11 configures the execution graph of the scenario providing 
  the previously configured task.

> 2. **Core Service Initialization**: The Core service processes the configuration of the previous step to set up the scenario management feature.

Reviewer: Well, it's not an initialization but a run.

Author: Even if it is not technical, don't you think it has a good english meaning and explains well what's happening?

Reviewer: I prefer 'run' for 2 reasons: 
1. Even if we don't make it explicit, 'run' suggests that there is something 'alive'. A process, a service, or whatever. The term 'initialization' implies that once it is initialized, nothing happens, which is incorrect.
2. It is consistent with the method name.

Author: I don't really like it, to be honest. 'Core Service Run' needs some meaning to me.

For 2 reasons:

This is technically what is happening, but as the user sees it, it initializes the Core with the configuration loaded, and now he can create scenarios and tasks, ...

Run also has some other meaning in Data Science for pipeline runs for example.

I won't fight for it.

Reviewer: I won't either...
I approved the PR anyway. It's no blocking to me.

```python linenums="1"
from taipy import Core

if __name__ == "__main__":
    Core().run()
```

> 3. **Scenario Creation & Data Management**: With the Taipy Core service up and running, you can create and manage scenarios, submit task graphs for execution, and access data nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Scenario & Data Management**: With the Core service up and running, you can create
and manage scenarios, submit task graphs for execution, and access data nodes:
```

- Line 6 reads and prints the output data node *message* written by the execution of the scenario 
*hello_scenario*.

> For convenience, grab the entire code for this example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For your convenience, you can get the complete code for this example:
```

<a href="./hello_world_scenario.py" download>`hello_world_scenario.py`</a>

Expected Output:
``` console
[2023-02-08 20:19:35,062][Taipy][INFO] job JOB_build_msg_9e5a5c28-6c3e-4b59-831d-fcc8b43f882e is completed.
Hello Taipy!
```

> ## A Glimpse into creating a GUI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build a graphical interface
```
or building a graphical interface.
I believe it is better to have consistent formulations in the titles. Only names, or only verbs.

> While we used the Python APIs of Taipy to manage our scenario, it typically also integrates with a graphical interface, also built using Taipy, for smoother user interactions. Here's a basic GUI setup for our "Hello World" scenario:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we used the Python APIs of Taipy to manage our scenario, it typically integrates
with a graphical interface, also built using Taipy, for end-user interactions. Here's a
basic GUI set up for our "Hello World" scenario:
```

> While we used the Python APIs of Taipy to manage our scenario, it typically also integrates with a graphical interface, also built using Taipy, for smoother user interactions. Here's a basic GUI setup for our "Hello World" scenario:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While we've used Taipy's Python APIs to handle our scenario, it usually works seamlessly with a graphical interface, also created using Taipy, to provide a more user-friendly experience. Here's a simple GUI set up for our "Hello World" scenario:
```

    Gui(page).run()
```

> For the full example with GUI, download:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the full example with the user interface code, download:
```

> For the full example with GUI, download:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get the complete example, including the user interface code, download it here:
```

<a href="./hello_world.py" download>`hello_world.py`</a>

TO DO: explain the code above and result below

![GUI Result](result.png){width=50%}

---

> For deeper dives and more intricate use cases, check out our [Tutorials](../tutorials/index.md), [Demos](../demos/index.md), or [Manuals](../manuals/index.md).

Reviewer: Yet another time using the dive metaphor...
```suggestion
For more realistic and advanced use cases, check out our [Tutorials](../tutorials/index.md), [Demos](../demos/index.md), or [Manuals](../manuals/index.md).
```
